FIX Improve ColumnTransformer error when indexes are different (#26286)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

  :user:`Jérémie du Boisberranger <jeremiedbb>`,
  :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

:mod:`sklearn.compose`
......................

> - |Fix| `compose.ColumnTransformer` raises an informative error when the transformer's
>   output Pandas indexes are not consistent with each other and output is configured
>   to be pandas. :pr:`26286` by `Thomas Fan`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| `compose.ColumnTransformer` raises an informative error when the individual transformers of `ColumnTransformer`
  output pandas dataframes with indexes that are not consistent with each other and the output is configured
  to be pandas. :pr:`26286` by `Thomas Fan`_.
```
